Add troubleshooting pages (#170)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/troubleshooting/app.md

# Troubleshooting Semgrep App

[TOC]

> # A project is reporting the last scan 'never started'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A project reports the last scan 'never started'
```

This status means that your CI job never authenticated to Semgrep App.

Check your CI provider (such as GitHub Actions) for the latest Semgrep job execution.

> ## If you cannot find a Semgrep CI job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## If you can’t find a Semgrep CI job
```

> In this case the issue is likely with the CI configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue is likely with the CI configuration.
```

- Make sure that the branch you committed a CI job to
  is included in the list of branches the job is triggered on.
- Make sure that the CI configuration file has valid syntax.
  Most providers have a tool for checking the syntax of configuration files.

## If a Semgrep CI job exists

> In this case, check the log output for any hints about what the issue is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the log output for any hints about what the issue is.
```

- If the logs mention a missing token or an authentication failure,

>   you can get a new token from the Settings page of Semgrep App,

Reviewer: How about linking to the settings page at https://semgrep.dev/manage/settings ?

  and set it as `SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN` in your CI provider's secret management UI.

> # A project is reporting the last scan 'never completed'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A project reports the last scan 'never completed'
```
